Lucky Sharma 
Delhi 
870835140
luckysharma2708@gmail.com

Summary
Self-motivated and hardworking developer seeking for an opportunity to  work in a challenging environment to prove my skills and utilize my  knowledge & intelligence in the growth of the organization.

Skills
Javascript
Communication skills
GIT
Html5
CSS
ReactJS
Problem Solving

Experience
Freelancer 
Freelance                   06/2022 - Present

Education
Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology                   B.Tech. Computer Science and Engineering 
07/2022
Delhi , Delhi
CGPA - 8.4
Shri Rama Bharti High School                   12th CBSE 
03/2017
Bahadurgarh , Haryana

Projects

Layout(Drawing app)Layout(Drawing app)

This app is a drawing web application.
It uses HTML canvas, CSS & Javascript. You can draw free hand and multiple shapes. It is equiped with a color picker to use different colours.This app is a drawing web application. It uses HTML canvas, CSS & Javascript. You can draw free hand and multiple shapes. It is equiped with a color picker to use different colours.


Expense TrackerExpense Tracker

As the name suggests it tracks different expenses. You can add your expenses and the expenses of your whole year will be shown month wise on a chart.
This project is made using HTML, CSS, React.js .As the name suggests it tracks different expenses. You can add your expenses and the expenses of your whole year will be shown month wise on a chart.
This project is made using HTML, CSS, React.js .


Personal PortfolioPersonal Portfolio

Currently working on this app.
This is my personal portfolio and it showcases my skills and project made by me.Currently working on this app. This is my personal portfolio and it showcases my skills and project made by me.

Veggi ParadiseVeggi Paradise

Currently working on this project.
It is a website for local restaurant which can listen to orders and side by side process them.
It uses react.js.

Certificates
React- The Complete Guide
Responsive Web Design

Languages
English
Hindi

Hobbies
Cricket
Table tennis
Cooking
Painting